Psalm 74 a contemplation of Asaph oh god
why have you cast us off forever
why does your anger smoke against the
sheep of your pasture remember your
congregation which you have purchased a
home the tribe of your inheritance which
you have redeemed thus Mount Zion where
you have dwelt lift up your feet to the
perpetual desolations the enemy has
damaged everything in the sanctuary your
enemy's roar in the midst of your
meeting place they set up their banners
for signs they seem like men who lift up
axes among the thick trees and now they
break down it's carved work all at once
with axes and hammers they have set fire
to your sanctuary they have defiled the
dwelling place of your name to the
ground they said in their hearts let us
destroy them altogether they have burned
up all the meeting places of God in the
land we do not see our signs there is no
longer any profit nor is there any among
us who knows how long oh God how long
will the adversary reproach will the
enemy blaspheme your name forever
why do you withdraw your hand
even your right hand take it out of your
bosom and destroy them
for God is my king from of old working
salvation in the midst of the earth you
divided the sea by your strength
you broke the heads of the sea serpents
in the waters
you broke the heads of Leviathan in
pieces and gave him his food to the
people inhabited world Ernest you broke
open the fountain and the flood you
dried up mighty rivers the day is yours
the night also is yours you have
prepared the lights and the Sun you have
set all the borders of the earth you
have made summer and winter remember
this that the enemy has reproach to Lord
and that a foolish people has blaspheme
to your name oh do not deliver the life
of your Turtledove to the wild beasts do
not forget the life of your poor forever
have respect to the Covenant for the
dark places of the earth are full of the
haunts of cruelty oh do not let the
oppressed return ashamed
let the poor and needy praise your name
arise O God plead your own cause
remember how the foolish man reproaches
you daily do not forget the voice of
your enemies the tumult of those who
rise up against you increases
continually
you